                                                          Daily writing-Day-15

 This is our 15th day we interns came to surfboard office with more expectations and to learn and develop our skills. After breakfast i started 
preparing for cloud computing and then my mentor reviewed my home works and explains what mistakes i have done and then i am asked to design 
food website. first i asked to plan how to design and how will be it useful to others and how to design it shortly and then so i decided to build 
a website that shows the hotels in the particular location and the food available in the particular hotels and the price range of the food also be
shown in the page and this design is the challenging design for me because this the the bit complecated website that i going to design for first time

  After that i started the coading for design i choosed for locations for the food availability in four different areas so that i want to create the 
four pages of html and css coding it took some time to finish.then by the way i continue doing the design.Then i had many doubt regarding the design
my mentor helped me by explaining the doubts and we got a home work of 8 problems to solve.

  After reaching home we all interns formed a group and started doing the problem the first problem is is the problem solving the question is 1.start 
2.set name as abraham 3.print name 4.Add surfboard to the begining of the name 5.print name 6.Goto step 2 and continue till you print name 5 times
7.stop. this is  the first  question that given to us and i wrote the answer as abraham surfboard abraham, Abraham surfboard Abraham,Abraham Surfboard
Abraham,Abraham Surfboard Abraham,Abraham Surfboard Abraham,Abraham Surfboard Abraham. So this is the answer that i got 

 And the second question that i got is there is the 3 10 digit number so we should take each of the one and regect the last digit of the number 
and multiply all other numbers in to 2 then add all the numbers then look the added value and the last number is same if the values are same then 
it satisfies.

 And the third  question is 1.start 2.set max =0 3.Take a number from the input 4. Check if number is greater than max,if it is set max number
5.go to step 3 until all given numbers are exhausted 6. print max 7.stop. then take any three number and it will be max. And the next question 
tower of hanoi in that question while the disk changes the smaller size disk won't be under the larger size disk 

 And the next question is to write the algorithm to miltiply two four digit numbers.Assume the computer knows nothing about multiplication
and only about addition 2*4=8 and for addition 2+2+2+2=8

 And the next question is How will you teach your computer to find the Gcd and i solved this problem and next two questions is an algorithm 
which to write long in the note book.