                                                DAILY WRITING - DAY 5
                                                
  This is our 5th day we interns came to surfboard office with more expectations to learn and gain our knowledge and to develop
our skills.

  The very first morning i had a meeting with  regarding the development of habit app. Koushik is leading in developing the 
habit app.In this meeting he teached how to outine the app and he fixed the theme that we have selected before day and learned
that in flutter everything is a widget and tree structure and learned in stateless condition it has no data and in stateful 
condition it deals with data.Then he started coding flutter,It was a very big coding I coudn't understand the coding what he 
types.Then he intodeced codewell.cc to improve html ans css skills by practicing. After coding he developed the theme and the 
option keys,home page etc.Then the meeting ends.

  After the meeting my mentor checked my home works that i have written in note book and advaised me to type it in a laptop and 
teached me about how compiler works,compiler means like a converter means it converts human redable code in to machine 
understandable code and teached about lexical analysis,which converts high level input program into a sequence of tokens,
and then teached about syntax analysis which arrange and check the letters one by one, and then learned about semantic analaysis
it understands the meaning.After teaching my mentor given me a task that how a computer or pc starts means the process that 
computer takes to start, First press the power button then the system is ready to start and then BIOS chip lowest numbered 
hard disk for a special program called boot loader. The boot loaders job is to start real operating system.Then the functions 
POST(Power on self test) happens each time you turn on the computer,important process ensure that all the devices operate
smoothly without any conflicts.Then master boot record where small program starts where computer is booting, in order to find 
the operating system.

  After that we had a team meeting with professional services team in that meeting the team members started to explain that 
what they are going to do and what they have done in  past week. first rexilia explain that she finidhed working on setting
page and then aswin explained that he works on adding some important improvements like popups in completion and works on file 
sharing in chat and then shereen explained that she works on fixing value in profile and planning to export file in global
financial dashboard and joel explaind that he finished UI in Donar app and Animations for bottom sheets to be done by 
continuing everyone explained about what theyhave done and what they are going to do.

  After that we ha d a meeting with Abraham anna which was a  very short meeting held ever in that meeting he taught us that
how to change .txt  to and .md and explained that # is for heading,** is for bold, - is for lists etc.

  Then my mentor given me a home work to do html page and css colours and asked to learn about tags in html. by the way the
day ends well.  