                                                    DAILY WRITING-DAY-9

  This is our ninth day in surfboard. We interns are came to surfboard office with more expectations to learn and develop our
skills. At very first morning after breakfast I started solving html and css problems which was taught by my mentor before
day,It was really intresting to solve problems, my mentor given me some critical problems to solve and i tried to solve and 
i solved some questions and some questions were really challenging to solve.

  Then my mentor asked me to learn what is git? so i learned that git is a software for traking changes in any set of files 
usually used for coordinates work among programmers collaborately developing source code during software development.git 
software runs locally.Git software can access via a command line or a desktop app that has a (gul) and then my mentor asked
me to learn git repositories, so i have learned that also Git repositories contain all kind of project files and entire 
revision history, you will take a ordinary folder of files and tell git to make it repository.This creates a git subfolder,
which contain all of the git metadata for tracking changes. and then my mentor asked me to learn How to us git hub? so i
started searching for how to use git hub finally i found that how to use github, to use git hub first we should signup
for github.Inorder to use github, you will need a github account and then install git and then git runs on it then create 
a repository to do anything  in a git hub account then create a branch and then create and commit changes to branch and 
then open a pull request and then merge your pull request.And then my mentor asked me to learn git commands so then i started
to learn git commands so some of the git commands are git initi, git clone, git add, git commit, git push, git pull and some
other commands.

  Then my mentor teached me the doubts clearly  where i had some doubts in html and css problems. and then given me 
Algorithm to write the Algorithm is from the surfboard office to kurinji appartment so i have written the algorithms step 
by step, after the completion the Algorithm was reviewed by my mentor and my mentor was satisfied with that .

 Then the demo meeting was happened every one starts explaining what they have done in a week and what they have learned in 
a week and then we interns also got a chance to explain that what we have done and what we have learned in a week, we shared 
our experience and showed that what we have done in that week and then after all shared therir thoughts the session came 
to an end.one of our company senior is leaving our company and joining to infosys,So all shared their experience that 
they had with that senior anna and finally that anna spoke his experience in surfboard and after the cake cutting session 
has done and we ate cake.this may be the unforgotable moment for some one in the office.

  Then we left the office and went to play football their they make interns as team caption, Without knowing to play football
they make me as a football caption.After that we started to play I learned something to play football and after we played 
batminton that also a new experience for me.

  The employees in the surfboard are very friendly to us and i really like the work culture of the surfboard office,, so 
by the day ends  well.   
  