                                                      Daily Writing Day-17

  In this day  first in the morning i learned someting about cloud form jerfin anna. i learned learned about the cloud models,so
cloud models means it explains about how cloud computing works in the cloud models there are two divisions one is service models 
and another one is deployment models. so the service models explains about how you get the services from cloud and the deployment
model explains about how the data has been stored.

 In cloud service models there are three types one is IAAS that is Infrastructure as a service and the other one is PAAS that is 
platform as a service and the third one is SAAS that is software as a service . IAAS means cloud computing offering in which 
vendor provides users access to computing resouuces such as storage,networking and services. SAAS means it is a software 
distribution model in which we can access software  via cloud.PAAS means all things will be provided by the cloud provider 

 In cloud deployment model there are three types Public cloud,Private cloud and Hybrid cloud. so the public cloud means 
if you buy a certain space and the put it as public and by your ip address all can access your computer.but in private cloud
either you give permission to access your data no one can can access your data. and hybrid cloud means combination of public 
and private cloud.

 I learned many things from jerfin anna today about cloud it was one of the great learning experience that i had today
and i learned why cloud is used.

 After thati started designing the food website app in that design my mentor told me to change the pictures and keep the
foods picture and to keep the orginal name of the hotels that availabe in the desired location.so i started inserting the
pictures and i found issues in inserting pictures because the pixels of the images varies, after i choosed the pictures 
related to ine inserting page size then i styled my button by giving hover and by giving multiple colours.iam very happy 
to see that i learned many new things to design a page it takes long time to design a webbsite if you are a begineer
my mentor also helped me in learning about the htmnl and css codes and she helped me in design page as well.  