                                                      Daily Writing-Day-26
                                                        
      In this day i have learned loops and functions in javascript and some functions in dart.
      
Dart:
 koushik taught us about dart in dart he taught us how functions works in dart and he explained us about how it 
 works and he showm some examples of functions that runs in dart.
 
loops:
 After that abraham anna thaught us about loop.Loop executes block of code as long as a specific condition is true.
In javascript loops are taken as in three arguments :Initializer,Condition and increment.Loop repeat the same block of
code until a certain condition is met.They are useful for many repetative programing tasks.I loops i have studied two 
types of loops one is for loop and another one is while loop. In javascript for loop executes a block of code as long 
as the specific condition is true. javascript for loops takes three conditions Initialization,Condition and increment.
Loopa repeat the same block of code until a certain condition is met.example for loop is if we want to check the
grade of every student in the class,We loop from 1 to that number.then i have learned while loop in javascript.while
loop executes block of code while a condition eveluates to true.while loop stop executing when their condition 
evaluates to false.A while loop lets you repeat a block of code multiple times. 

Functions:
 After that function has been thaught by my mentor.A function in javascript is similar to a procedure,a set of statements
that performs a task or calculates a value  but for a procedure to qualify as a function,It should take some input and return
an output where there is some obvious relationship between input and output.

  after that my mentor given me some tasks in functions to complete. i have completed the tasks. by the day ends well.
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                                    